Add example of 401 response that supports legacy clients (#259)
ietf-wg-privacypass/base-drafts: draft-ietf-privacypass-auth-scheme.md

Origins SHOULD account for such operational or interoperability failures by offering
clients an alternative type of challenge such as CAPTCHA for accessing a resource.

For example, consider a scenario in which the client is a web browser, and the origin
can accept either a token or a solution to a puzzle intended to determine if the client
is a real human user. The origin would send clients a 401 HTTP response that contains a

> token challenge in a "WWW-Authenticate" header field along with content that contains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TokenChallenge in a "WWW-Authenticate" header field along with content that contains
```

the puzzle to display to the user. Clients that are able to respond with a token will
be able to automatically return the token and not show the puzzle, while clients that

> either do not support tokens or are unable to fetch tokens at a particular time will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
either do not support tokens or are unable to fetch tokens at a particular time can
```
